Changes for V2 primitives MVP2 (#1088)
Qiskit/documentation: docs/api/migration-guides/qiskit-runtime-setup.mdx

QiskitRuntimeService.save_account(channel="ibm_quantum", token="<IQX_TOKEN>", instance="h1/g1/p1", name="premium")
QiskitRuntimeService.save_account(channel="ibm_quantum", token="<IQX_TOKEN>", instance="h2/g2/p2", name="open")

# Load the "open" credentials

service = QiskitRuntimeService(name="open")
```
  </TabItem>

  <TabItem value="legacy" label="Legacy">
``` python
IBMQ.save_account("<IQX_TOKEN>", overwrite=True)
```
  </TabItem>
</Tabs>

## Load accounts

Use the updated code to load accounts.

<Tabs>
  <TabItem value="updated" label="Updated">
The new syntax combines the functionality from `load_account()` and
`get_provider()` in one statement. The `channel` input parameter is
optional. If multiple accounts have been saved in one device and no
`channel` is provided, the default is `"ibm_cloud"`.

``` python
# To access saved credentials for the IBM cloud channel
service = QiskitRuntimeService(channel="ibm_cloud")

# To access saved credentials for the IBM quantum channel
service = QiskitRuntimeService(channel="ibm_quantum")
```
  </TabItem>

  <TabItem value="legacy" label="Legacy">
``` python
IBMQ.load_account()
```
  </TabItem>
</Tabs>

> ## Channel selection (get a provider)
> 
> Use the updated code to select a channel.

Reviewer: I think this is meant to show selecting an instance (formerly known as provider)

```suggestion
## Instance selection (get a provider)

Use the updated code to select an instance.
```

`instance` keyword.

``` python
# To access saved credentials for the IBM quantum channel and select an instance
service = QiskitRuntimeService(channel="ibm_quantum", instance="my_hub/my_group/my_project")
```
  </TabItem>

  <TabItem value="legacy" label="Legacy">
``` python
provider = IBMQ.get_provider(project="my_project", group="my_group", hub="my_hub")
```
  </TabItem>
</Tabs>

## Get the system 

Use the updated code to view systems and simulators.

<Tabs>
  <TabItem value="updated" label="Updated">
``` python
# You can specify the instance in service.backend() instead of initializing a new service
backend = service.backend("ibm_backend", instance="h1/g1/p1")
```
If you don't know what backend you want to use, you can instead use code such as the following:

```python
from qiskit_ibm_runtime import QiskitRuntimeService

service = QiskitRuntimeService()
backend = service.least_busy(operational=True, simulator=False, min_num_qubits=num_qubits)
```
  </TabItem>

  <TabItem value="legacy" label="Legacy">
``` python
provider = IBMQ.get_provider(hub="h1", group="g1", project="p1")
backend = provider.get_backend("ibm_backend")
```
  </TabItem>
</Tabs>

> ## Upload, view, or delete custom prototype programs

Reviewer: This can be moved to Overview (or common use cases) , since it's not specific to ibm[q]-provider.

This function has been replaced with Quantum Serverless patterns.  For instructions to migrate, see [Converting from Qiskit Runtime Programs.](https://qiskit-extensions.github.io/quantum-serverless/migration/migration_from_qiskit_runtime_programs.html)

<span id="parm-circ"></span>

> ## Parameterized circuits with primitives

Reviewer: This should be moved to "common use cases"

Author: We don't use this file anymore, but this section was moved to common use cases

</Admonition>

``` python
from qiskit_ibm_runtime import SamplerV2 as Sampler

sampler = Sampler(backend)
job = sampler.run([(isa_circuit, theta_values)])
result = job.result()
# Get results for the first (and only) PUB
pub_result = result[0]
# Get counts from the classical register "c". 
print(f" >> Counts for the c output register: {pub_result.data.c.get_counts()}")
```
  </TabItem>

  <TabItem value="legacy" label="Legacy">
The parameter values had to be bound to their respective
circuit parameters prior to calling `backend.run()`.

``` python
from qiskit import Aer

bound_circuit = qc.bind_parameters(theta_values)
bound_circuit.draw()

backend = Aer.get_backend('aer_simulator')
job = backend.run(bound_circuit)
counts = job.result().get_counts()
print(counts)
```
  </TabItem>
</Tabs>

## Algorithm tuning

One of the advantages of the primitives is that they abstract away the
circuit execution setup so that algorithm developers can focus on the
pure algorithmic components. However, sometimes, to get the most out of

> an algorithm, you might want to tune certain primitive options. For details, see [Advanced runtime options](../../run/advanced-runtime-options).

Reviewer: This is also not ibm[q]-provider specific and can be moved to Overview

Author: This got moved to qiskit-runtime-options
